ci: Migrate from CircleCI to GitHub Actions (#7754)
plotly/plotly.js: CONTRIBUTING.md

```sh
python3 test/image/make_baseline.py = mockFilename1 mockFilename2
```

Then commit the new baselines and push.
Please note that image pixel comparison tests run on `ubuntu-latest` in GitHub Actions.
Therefore the final baselines may need updates.

> This could simply be done by downloading the baseline images from the **Artifacts** section of the `test-baselines` job in the failed workflow run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the images generated by the CI job directly, you can download the baseline images from the "Upload failing images" step of the `test-baselines` job in the failed workflow run.
```

Author: Updated.
